The filename defines a default common name (if all lowercase) or
default scientific name (if any letter is uppercase).

The text in the file is standard HTML.  The program creates a standard
header and footer for each page and includes the HTML text between
them.  In addition to the standard HTML, the following text cases are
handled specially.  Each case must be on a line by itself unless
otherwise specified.

Info:

com:[name] specifies the common name for the flower.

sci:[name] specifies the elaborated scientific name for the flower.

color:[names] specifies the colors of the flower, separated by commas.

https://calphotos.berkeley.edu/[...] associates a CalPhotos link with
the page.  A placeholder image is added to the list of images, along
with a link to the CalPhotos page.  If ':[text]' is appended to the
link, the corresponding text is added to the placeholder.

Page links:

+[name] creates a child relationship to the named page.  The specified
name can be the scientific name (elaborated or stripped) or the common
name (if there is exactly one match) of the child.  If the name is in
[com]:[sci] format, both names are used to find the corresponding
page, and the page is updated if it only has one of the names.  A link
to the child page is also created.  The link displays the first image
for the page (a jpg or a CalPhotos placeholder) or a blank
placeholder.  It also displays the common name and scientific name of
the page.  If there is additional text in the same paragraph (on
following lines, not separated by a blank line), the link and the
additional text are formatted as a unit.  On a wide page, the
additional text appears next to the image and below the name; on a
narrow page, the additional text appears below the image and name.

{-[page]} creates a link to the child page without creating a child
relationship.  The link is just the common and scientific names of the
child on one line, without any image.

'[' and ']' (each on a line by itself) creates a light-bordered box
surrounding all text between the brackets.

Any number of periods starting a line creates an unnumbered list.  The
depth of the list is equal to the number of periods.
